Lisa H Ambrose: You tried calling Mira and telling her that you want to practice with her and see what kind of scores and tips she gives you?
Lisa H Ambrose: Question mark?
Lisa H Ambrose: What was it that the… beyond.
Lisa H Ambrose: shelter.
Lisa H Ambrose: said, I can't understand how they can say you're not making enough money.
Lisa H Ambrose: it would be more likely they'd say, you make too much money, but what was their… I don't understand how that works.
Lisa H Ambrose: Use the term role play, that you want to role play with her.
Lisa H Ambrose: I looked for your name in the…
Lisa H Ambrose: participants list, I didn't see your name. It is important that you put your full name in there.
Lisa H Ambrose: Because they've now sent out a…
Lisa H Ambrose: Message saying that anybody that is in there that doesn't have their name displayed could possibly be just kicked out, because they're afraid of
Lisa H Ambrose: Like, viruses and things.
Lisa H Ambrose: You say, that's wonderful. I make any bet your future self is going to thank you.
Lisa H Ambrose: Tremendously. I'll send over…
Lisa H Ambrose: a DocuSign for you to sign.
Lisa H Ambrose: And… I'll get you onboarded.
Lisa H Ambrose: Super excited to have you with us.
Lisa H Ambrose: Hello?
Lisa H Ambrose: Big shot! Yes.
Lisa H Ambrose: One farm. Great flights.
Lisa H Ambrose: I'm not interested, thank you.
Lisa H Ambrose: I sent the link in Google Chat.
Lisa H Ambrose: to your Gmail.
Lisa H Ambrose: Going on now.
Lisa H Ambrose: And can be put into your calendar for every Tuesday and Thursday at 4.
Lisa H Ambrose: I received a link in an email today, but I can't open it, it doesn't do anything. Could you actually send it?
Lisa H Ambrose: Question mark.
Lisa H Ambrose: from you.
Lisa H Ambrose: This is the link to the… Elite Group Training.
Lisa H Ambrose: Every Thursday.
Lisa H Ambrose: on Tuesday.
Lisa H Ambrose: Can you hear me, Amy? You're, you're, you're, whatever that is, muted.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: I can hear you.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: At the dog, I'm trying not to dock.
Lisa H Ambrose: Your grandchildren are still there with you.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Oh yeah, they're gonna be… we're… we're hanging out here until Thursday, then we're gonna go to Maine.
Lisa H Ambrose: Huh.
Lisa H Ambrose: So where are you? You're in your house in Boston.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Yeah. There were people here for 2 weeks, so I left and went to New Jersey, and went to see my kids afterwards.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Nice!
Lisa H Ambrose: So you haven't been home yet. This is the first you've been home.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Yeah, yeah.
Lisa H Ambrose: Wow. Okay, yesterday, yeah.
Lisa H Ambrose: Well, this is saying,
Lisa H Ambrose: Nobody has joined in here today, which is just so odd. And what I'm noticing as I'm just sending this.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: The wrong one?
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Was it the wrong link?
Lisa H Ambrose: Well, that's my question, because the actual link says… Elite Group Training, Thursday, 12 o'clock Eastern Time, okay?
Amy Nicastro-Clark: And what's it supposed to say? What's it supposed to be?
Lisa H Ambrose: Well, today's not Thursday, today's Tuesday.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Oh.
Lisa H Ambrose: And it should be saying… and it says 12 o'clock Eastern, and it should say, because it's showing up on my calendar.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: It's one of the.
Lisa H Ambrose: As Tuesday, February 17th, 4 to 5 p.m, so… but… and so that's the invitation. When I open the invitation, it says, I'm blinded, mastery plus Group Acceleration.
Lisa H Ambrose: And then it's got the guests, and this is the team… this is a group where it's… it's Nathan, and it's, Lance, and it's me, and all of our actual IZs.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Oh, nice!
Lisa H Ambrose: So you get this, you know, usually a nice group of people in here, and so now as I'm sending it to you, I'm realizing it's actually at, you know, the…
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Volunteers!
Lisa H Ambrose: The meeting info, the meeting info itself.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: So go to something… go to something, like, 2 weeks ago.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: go back 2 weeks in Zoom, and then click on that link and see if it asks you to join another Zoom.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Go to a Tuesday at the same time 2 weeks ago.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Like, when you go to the meetings, there's a calendar, and you can go backwards.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Okay, and the next band I'm gonna talk about?
Lisa H Ambrose: So I'm here, and now I'm…
Amy Nicastro-Clark: It can wake people up, be with its alarm edit, but it shakes your butt.
Lisa H Ambrose: So…
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Okay, now, let's up here.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Well, I would love some noodles.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Or pastetti. Yeah. Spaghetti. I saved yours.
Lisa H Ambrose: Like, halfway between pasta and spaghetti.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Wait, no, wait. Yep, yep.
Lisa H Ambrose: So here's the core.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: I don't know that she'll see it, but you can try.
Lisa H Ambrose: This one is saying 4 o'clock on Tuesdays.
Lisa H Ambrose: And I'm gonna…
Amy Nicastro-Clark: I'm gonna click the… I'm gonna click the Look!
Lisa H Ambrose: again, and so.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Yeah, it might say.
Lisa H Ambrose: You brought me right in here. I bet there's going to be two of me now in here, or that, or who recognized it. So it's somehow that they're just… it's just…
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Wait a second, Aiden. Excuse me?
Lisa H Ambrose: Bye!
Amy Nicastro-Clark: You got a Nerf gun. Yeah, I could just…
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Which I called Al, by the way.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: No, she can't see that because of the background you got going.
Lisa H Ambrose: Now I can see you, now I can see you.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Oh, perfect. I, I, I don't.
Lisa H Ambrose: shirt! Look at that shirt!
Amy Nicastro-Clark: I know, don't you love that? Yeah, I'm gonna disappear.
Lisa H Ambrose: Yes, and look at… you're slowly, so you're not… you're actually smaller than your picture. Look at you, you're tiny!
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Isn't that funny?
Lisa H Ambrose: That was crazy!
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Nice person.
Lisa H Ambrose: Look at how long your hair got!
Amy Nicastro-Clark: That's funny, she did.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Thank you, mama!
Lisa H Ambrose: Wonderful.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: They're funny.
Lisa H Ambrose: By the way, I'm sitting in here just in case people popped in. I thought, well, my people aren't even in here, because everybody… it says there's 25, invitees.
Lisa H Ambrose: Yep. And.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: And you're one of them, and you'.
Lisa H Ambrose: You're one of them, so it seems like it should be on your calendar all the time, but it's probably not, right? If you look at your.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: I don't think so.
Lisa H Ambrose: calendar?
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Aww.
Lisa H Ambrose: You don't use your Gmail calendar, we know that.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Sometimes.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Sometimes when things just pop up, like, meetings, when I first… Started with Elite. I,
Amy Nicastro-Clark: I put them up there.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Yeah, after lunch.
Lisa H Ambrose: Oh, Mark! Mark joined, okay. Mark is, working… is one of my actualizees for, MRR.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Nice.
Lisa H Ambrose: Mark.
Mark T: Hi there!
Lisa H Ambrose: Yay!
Mark T: This is Amy.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: How are ya? Good stuff.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Nice to see ya.
Lisa H Ambrose: Can you hear us?
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Bye, come on.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: I gotta protect.
Lisa H Ambrose: Mark?
Amy Nicastro-Clark: I'm gonna protect him until we find her own.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Thank you, Nadir Okay.
Lisa H Ambrose: Okay.
Lisa H Ambrose: Okay, oh yeah, there's no gun in there.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: There's a yellow thing over there, though.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: No, where is…
Lisa H Ambrose: We're basically just going, you know.
Lisa H Ambrose: to go over some of the things that we are maybe struggling with or, attempting. And, the… the…
Lisa H Ambrose: scope is just to try to bring back, you know, what it is that we can do that's within the formula to take us, you know, where we want to be and determine our zone action. So…
Lisa H Ambrose: Mark, were you able to… are you able to hear us now?
Mark T: Yup.
Lisa H Ambrose: Okay, cool. And, Mark has only just begun being a, an MRR, subcontractor.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Nice.
Lisa H Ambrose: We're… we're going, and we've got the…
Amy Nicastro-Clark: More.
Lisa H Ambrose: list. And what is it that you did with the list? You got as many phone numbers as you could off of it?
Mark T: Yeah, I went to that, MedChai website, and then to the providers list.
Mark T: And then, if you just put in a specialty, I started with neurosurgery.
Mark T: And then left all the other filters off, and it just printed out a list of, like, 30 names.
Mark T: So I was gonna do that for Maxofacial and the other ones that were in that list that you gave me.
Lisa H Ambrose: Yeah, none were… did you find any that were neurosurgeons or spine?
Mark T: I just did the neurosurgeon, but I can look for spine here. Let me… physician finder, let me see.
Lisa H Ambrose: The list of, the… most, I'm gonna say I highly pay
Lisa H Ambrose: Surgeons start up there with,
Lisa H Ambrose: Neurosurgeon, brain surgeon, you know, that they're…
Lisa H Ambrose: And then they go to spine.
Lisa H Ambrose: And the reason that we focus on those, obviously, is because there's… those are the people who have the most money sitting in, you know, uncollected.
Mark T: Right. That's what I got. So the one I did was neurological surgery, but there's a bunch of, like, neuro-ophthalmology, neurodevelopmental disability.
Mark T: There's a bunch.
Lisa H Ambrose: Yeah, neuro just means nerve, you know, so… There's nerves everywhere.
Lisa H Ambrose: So, in any event, I think it's just anyone as good as the other. Now, we have a CRM that… is this listed in a format of a,
Lisa H Ambrose: Spreadsheet.
Lisa H Ambrose: Because we can upload to the CRM in the, in the…
Lisa H Ambrose: form of a spreadsheet if it's a CSV.
Lisa H Ambrose: So once we get it up there, then anything that gets done, like any notes or anything, can just go directly into the… into the…
Lisa H Ambrose: the go-high level
Lisa H Ambrose: I think I'm gonna have to go get on with Andrea and LaMonaco.
Mark T: Okay. Amy, you don't know how to… I don't access that.
Lisa H Ambrose: Andrea, do you know how to sign it… sign into that,
Lisa H Ambrose: the GoHigh-level, MR… CRM?
Amy Nicastro-Clark: I've never seen it.
Lisa H Ambrose: Okay.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: What I find…
Lisa H Ambrose: Well, I… I'm gonna… what we can do is, Andrea LaMonaco has an… has a,
Lisa H Ambrose: one of these meetings, like we're doing right now, is Zoom, and I believe it's every…
Lisa H Ambrose: It might be to meet me tomorrow, let me just look at my calendar.
Lisa H Ambrose: I think it's at 10 or 10.30.
Lisa H Ambrose: Which is very helpful, she's just super, super helpful.
Lisa H Ambrose: Today's Tuesday, we'll look Wednesday.
Lisa H Ambrose: Yes, here it is. It's at 10 o'clock.
Lisa H Ambrose: It's an MRR training, and I can… put this…
Lisa H Ambrose: I wonder if I can share the whole thing.
Lisa H Ambrose: You know, share the whole…
Amy Nicastro-Clark: We can do this all over the country, right?
Lisa H Ambrose: When you say, do this all over the country, you mean call and find people? Right now, you can, but they're working on a whole plan to try to…
Lisa H Ambrose: As far as I understood it, they're working on a plan to limit, you know, like, where you actually can call and to kind of give exclusivity to certain areas and territories. They haven't gotten there yet. So at this point… Right.
Mark T: I was worried about us calling the same people over and over.
Lisa H Ambrose: Yep, it's all… it's an open… and if they say, hey, I'm already… I'm already signed up, or I'm already… I've already been called, I don't… I'm not interested, or any of that, you just say, well, thank you, you know, and, you know, sorry.
Lisa H Ambrose: And we're just, you know, if you're… if you're with us, we're thrilled, and if, you know, you're not interested, you know, then you can… you can go right into, like, things like, okay, well, thank you,
Lisa H Ambrose: you know, could I… I'm just curious, was there something that just said no for you, or are you just not, like, qualified? You just don't do this sort of thing? You know what I mean? So you could actually just try to get information about
Lisa H Ambrose: You know, maybe there's a certain group that you can cut off your list, and they could be helpful so other people don't have to get annoying calls that they're not interested in.
Lisa H Ambrose: But whatever it takes to make a, you know, a conversation, because sometimes
Lisa H Ambrose: People just said to the first person who called them that they're not interested, something might have rubbed them the wrong way, or whatever, and that the next thing you know, the next person is successful.
Lisa H Ambrose: You know, it could be, you know, things like that that go on.
Mark T: Alright, that might be some personality conflict, or something.
Lisa H Ambrose: Yeah, you know, or just a bad day, you know?
Mark T: Yeah.
Lisa H Ambrose: I've had, you know, they've said to us that there's times when,
Lisa H Ambrose: somebody would call, and the guy says, don't you ever call me back, and is totally really awful on the phone. And then, you know, you leave it, like, and two months later, you call back, and they act like they're your best friend, and they don't even… because they don't even remember.
Mark T: Right? They, they, you just caught them at a bad time.
Lisa H Ambrose: So, and the call can be successful, so…
Lisa H Ambrose: it's, worth it, but on… if you can stick on your calendar, I can try to… try to see if I… maybe I can put it in the chat here. I'm going to put this all in the chat, okay? And then you can just copy and paste it.
Lisa H Ambrose: Okay.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Sounds good.
Lisa H Ambrose: Now I gotta find out where the chat went. There we go.
Lisa H Ambrose: All right, so
Lisa H Ambrose: All right, there's… there is chat. There we go. Oh, I'm not sure… I remember sometimes you can't copy from chat, so let's just see if it'll let you… if it'll let you highlight and copy.
Lisa H Ambrose: See if you're able to do that.
Lisa H Ambrose: Sometimes it doesn't allow you.
Mark T: Oh, yeah, okay.
Lisa H Ambrose: Copy and paste.
Mark T: I see it in here now.
Lisa H Ambrose: Is it allowing you to copy and paste, see if it'll actually take it over and put it into your calendar? It will.
Mark T: And stick it in my calendar, yeah.
Lisa H Ambrose: Yeah, if you try and see if.
Mark T: Tomorrow at 11, or 10.
Lisa H Ambrose: 10.
Mark T: Okay, let me see what I've got going on tomorrow.
Lisa H Ambrose: Because that, she can help us get
Lisa H Ambrose: signed up on the Go High Level. And so, Amy, you're also not in it, is that what you're saying? You're not signed up on the Go High Level?
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Not that I know of.
Lisa H Ambrose: Okay.
Lisa H Ambrose: because we can get in there, and then we can be following, the same group. We have this MedChi. I don't know what it's for, maybe somebody named it because it was, like, Medici from the… I don't know, but it's M-E-D-C-H-I dot org, and they have an… it's located in…
Lisa H Ambrose: Maryland, and it's got a, I don't know how many, it's an association. It's an organization as an association, and then it's got a bunch of associations under it that appear to be divided by
Lisa H Ambrose: geographic territory, which… it seems like it's kind of loosely
Lisa H Ambrose: by… by county, doesn't it, Mark? By county, it looks like it's Stuba?
Mark T: There's filters, so you can filter it by specialty, or you can filter it by county, by city.
Mark T: or, I think even by zip code.
Mark T: But I just filtered it by specialty, and brought up everybody in Maryland.
Lisa H Ambrose: Oh, great. So, it's wonderful that it's a great resource, and some of them have the phone number already there, and some of them don't. I noticed that.
Lisa H Ambrose: And so… but oftentimes, you know, that's an extra step of having to go look up what the phone number is, because once you know what the company name is, if it's a doctor's office, they're not trying to be hiding. You know, they want… they want customers, so… But tomorrow at 10 a.m, we can do the,
Lisa H Ambrose: CRM.
Mark T: Okay, good.
Lisa H Ambrose: Fantastic.
Lisa H Ambrose: And that way, we can all be in the same, database, so you'll… we'll… can upload all of those names, and we'll be just going through it. They also had,
Lisa H Ambrose: some events.
Lisa H Ambrose: That they're doing. And so, if there's events that they're doing, and we can go and get to them, we can try to get a speaking engagement to see if we can speak to their surgeons, even if it's just for a few minutes, to say, here's what we do, we can help you, do you have money on the table? If you, you know, it certainly doesn't cost anything to find out.
Lisa H Ambrose: And it's certainly every bit in your interest to… to do it.
Mark T: We used to call them Lunch and Learn.
Mark T: The speaker would come in at lunchtime and talk for 30 minutes.
Lisa H Ambrose: And, like, here, A lot of times at these associations, they're not…
Lisa H Ambrose: willing to give you that kind of time, and if you do get that kind of time, you usually have to pay for it, but they will sometimes allow you to have,
Lisa H Ambrose: A few minutes.
Lisa H Ambrose: to let people know that you're there, and then if we have, like, a QR code or something, they can shoot us with their phone, or we can get their information from them. That way, we have their permission to reach out to them afterwards.
Lisa H Ambrose: And, and then those are warm leads, because they wouldn't be coming to us if they didn't think that there might be something for them.
Lisa H Ambrose: So…
Mark T: Maybe I'll design a little flyer and give it to you and see what you think. Like, something that just says…
Lisa H Ambrose: And we have, but we have some of those things already,
Lisa H Ambrose: laid out. I believe that they said on the call today that they were going to find out if we could get onto the… that our subcontractors could join into the Telegram talks, you know, because Telegram
Lisa H Ambrose: And Carla was saying that she had to get confirmation on that.
Lisa H Ambrose: But I think it makes a lot of sense to be able to be
Lisa H Ambrose: On it. We're not sure, because, you know, people are paying a lot of money to… to be able to have
Lisa H Ambrose: the,
Lisa H Ambrose: the license and to be able to, you know, participate at different levels within Unblinded, so they have to be cautious and careful that they're not going to give, you know, somebody for free
Lisa H Ambrose: what other people have had to pay for. And so they're trying to, you know, differentiate between the different levels.
Mark T: Well, if they have a flyer made up, I'd be happy to take that, but it wouldn't take me that long to just do something quick on Canvas.
Lisa H Ambrose: And I would… I would… I would, I would love to see what you come up with, because, you know, it's the same information, you know, and… and just being able to put it in, out in a, a creative way,
Mark T: It makes sense. It really makes sense, because I've seen everything from.
Lisa H Ambrose: advertisements, like, that are cartoons, you know, like, are you leaving money on the table, you know, and, you know, whatever, to very, you know, kind of, like, call it, like, stiff or stuffy, but there's some people that that's, that's what they're expecting. They're expecting to see somebody in a suit and, you know.
Mark T: Yeah.
Lisa H Ambrose: Yeah, so there's everything in between. You know, you never quite know what's going to appeal to somebody.
Lisa H Ambrose: And, we'll kick it from there.
Lisa H Ambrose: But were either of you able to get this to actually paste anywhere?
Mark T: Yeah, yeah, I was able to paste it.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: You good?
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Yeah. I took the bottom one, I didn't know it was longer than that. I'm gonna take the whole thing now.
Lisa H Ambrose: Yeah, because you don't really need… I find when I have all that stuff, I get a bit confused, but you only need the one link, you know? It's like, even simple, stupid, because I'm just like, what? You know, inevitably, I'll click the wrong thing.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: counter. Yeah.
Mark T: Yeah, here it is.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Doc?
Mark T: The document you sent me said anesthesiologist, ortho, Maxo… maxillofacial, and neuro.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: There you go, CMOS screen.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Daddy, I'm sure I would have to go myself. I was gonna say, what about oral surgery?
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Bes.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: was the imposter.
Mark T: I don't know.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: What an oral surgeon? I just happen to have a dentist that does everything in-house.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Are you… I said that…
Lisa H Ambrose: We don't, you know, we're not restricted, we're just saying this particular group.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Yes.
Lisa H Ambrose: So if we have any… anybody else from any other source, we're just, you know, we just found one that was kind of a concise, nicely organized…
Lisa H Ambrose: You know, easy to recognize.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Welcome in the middle.
Lisa H Ambrose: darn, you know, so… Right.
Lisa H Ambrose: any fresh list, and when we get into the CRM, we can actually identify where they came from, like, what list they came off of. So it could just be Amy's, Amy's,
Lisa H Ambrose: We could call it Amy's friends, like, people that you know or that you're somehow personally associated with.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: who's fungus shot.
Lisa H Ambrose: as differentiated from, you know, complete strangers who are going to be in MedChi.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Could it be a benefit of, accepting a job somewhere, that they do this extra thing as part of…
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Being part of that team.
Lisa H Ambrose: Like, what? I mean, they just signed up a, a,
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Should I take it?
Lisa H Ambrose: A very large.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: That pasta.
Lisa H Ambrose: organization.
Lisa H Ambrose: And…
Lisa H Ambrose: trying to remember exactly what the name of it is, but I… I'm gonna mix it up with somebody… one of the others, but in any event, they didn't want to take any… any, money at all. They didn't want any percent. They just… they just felt that it was so important as a benefit to offer to their…
Lisa H Ambrose: members, that there's this service, you know, they're, you know, Caligy's gonna get 20%,
Lisa H Ambrose: But this company didn't want to take any percentage at all. They just want to be able to offer it.
Lisa H Ambrose: Which I think is just, Really, yeah.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Completely wonderful.
Lisa H Ambrose: So, I have another call happening in a couple of minutes, so I'm going to have to jump.
Lisa H Ambrose: And.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Sorry. But if you do have…
Lisa H Ambrose: Call in for tomorrow at 10.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: that we're in right now, if you have that recurring on every Tuesday and Thursday, I'm gonna get…
Lisa H Ambrose: What the heck is going on? Like, why does one portion of the…
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Invitation.
Lisa H Ambrose: City 12 o'clock, and the other one says 4.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: So.
Lisa H Ambrose: We'll figure that out, and then we'll just stick it in the right slide.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.
Lisa H Ambrose: God.
Amy Nicastro-Clark: Thank you very much. I'd see ya. Bye.